Migrate Home Assistant Supervisor actions to dedicated action pages (#46024)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_actions/hassio.app_stop.markdown

---
title: "Stop app"
action: hassio.app_stop
domain: hassio
description: "Stops a Home Assistant app."
related_actions:
  - hassio.app_start
  - hassio.app_restart
  - hassio.app_stdin
---

> Use this action to stop a running app. Apps were previously called add-ons. A common use is to pair it with **Start app** so an app only runs during the hours you actually need it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this action to stop a running {% term app %}. A common use is to pair it with **Start app** so an app only runs during the hours you actually need it.
```
